hey guys it's Amanda so today I'm doing
a haul clothing haul and then some lush
because I went some I did some shopping
over the past month this is not all at
one time this was kind of spread out all
over the place but I'm just going to
show you some things that I got because
I love shopping and I love hauls I like
making calls I love watching hauls and
yeah so let's just get on into it
so forever21 has a ton of like
transitioning from winter to spring
stuff even though it's not gonna be
spring till awhile just like a lighter
things um I maybe that's not their plan
this is they just want work I don't know
anyways there's some more colorful
things that I've been really into and
you guys are gonna be surprised because
I usually don't do color but I'm really
liking this trend so first off the first
thing I got was this blue leather jacket
and literally forever 21 has the best
things ever I can't trust this enough I
think I've tweeted about forever 21
online a million times because they have
anything you would ever want like any
like expensive piece of clothing just
like forever 21 style so I could spend
like you know like a nice nice leather
jacket like this would be like a
thousand dollars or that's a little much
I think that could be um like hundreds
of dollars and this one was probably
like thirty dollars and it still looks
just as cute so that's amazing I've been
obsessed with this blue color I've been
doing my nails that kind of blue a lot
lately so when you're wearing like an
all black and white outfit just having
this like little pop of color it is
amazing talking about that cobalt blue
color I decided to get this purse two in
the same color because like I said I've
been obsessed with it I've been wanting
a purse in this color for a long time
just like a bright pop of color like
this I think looks really awesome and
yeah this has like all these pockets so
you could hold a lot here that's whoa
whoa what's going on a makeup bag okay
oh okay cool didn't even know that was a
thing well this is fun and like even
with
stop it if you see that it looks super
cute four more pops of color I got this
jacket it's like this like pinkish
purple lavender kind of color um and
it's not super thick so I can still wear
it here where it doesn't get that cold
and it's fun to like this wearing it all
black or all black and white outfit with
this pastel kind of color is so cute I
can't get over this trend if you want to
see like a video of how I style like
pops colors or pastels or things like
that let me know because I know you guys
are really like when I just do all black
and white stuff um so now that I'm into
this color that could be exciting for
you guys then I got these genes that are
actually super comfortable I think that
they were just interesting it has like
this denim part from like above the knee
down and then it's like darker um almost
black at the top just like contrasts I
think that could look cool then lastly
from forever 21 I got this sweater that
is super super soft like I could like
Jesus as a blanket and I don't even know
how to describe this color pastel kind
of purple kind of blue um and it's just
a nice sweater I can wear it with
whatever think like leather pants so
this would look really cool I don't know
I haven't like mourn it yet but this is
what it looks like I'm like really
excited to talk about all these new
clothes that I'm talking so fast and not
probably not making a lot of sense
then I shopped online at revolve and
it's kind of a new store that I've heard
of I don't it's not a new store I just
just now been like looking into it they
have a pop-up shop at the Grove in LA
that's kind of why it became relevant to
me but they have super super super super
cool clothes and like really nice
dresses so first I got these um pants
and I've been wearing them a lot because
I've been needing leather leggings or
pants for the longest time and I never
got them I don't know I couldn't find
any nice ones that I liked and that fit
me well because sometimes with like
pleather they like fold weird and it
doesn't look that good but these ones
fit super super nice and they're lying
on the inside so they're soft and warm
then I got these sunglasses that I
posted an Instagram picture in and I
also wore them in a vlog I just posted
so I am obsessed with like the
reflective sunglasses and the bar I
think these are really awesome and
actually when I bought them online
because I bought all this online they
didn't even look this cool online they
looked like not as cool and I bought
them like oh my gosh I never got those
and they came and they're just like way
cooler than I expected so that's a win
then from lush I have been forcing
myself to take baths lately because
before I would like really like baths
and bath bombs and stuff but I would
just get too hot in the bath and it
would just like stress me out but you
know I'm like hey Amanda you can make
the bath not that hot and it's
comfortable don't know why it took me so
long to figure that out but I got a few
bath bombs um this one what is this oh
this is the sex bomb so this was super
cute it's pink and purple and there's
like a little like rose in the middle so
when you put it in the bath it comes out
and there's like rose petals in it so
super cute and it smells pretty good too
they all smell good then I got this
which is this then I got this bubble bar
so this is what makes your back bubbly
and I've been like taking baths with
bath bombs I just like not satisfy me
enough I want like bubbles everywhere so
first of all it is a unicorn horn
so that right away caught my attention
was like Amanda you need this it doesn't
smell great it just smells kind of like
a bath stuff you just like crumble it
under running water and then it makes it
bubbly I wonder if it has like cuz
there's some sparkles in it and wonder
if there's like sparkles in there and it
is colorful at all I'm just like I think
this is a new thing I'm so excited to
try this out it's just
then this last bath bomb I don't even
know what this is I've never heard of it
I just thought it looked cool and I
wanted to try new things to get pretty
bath colors so this is um this blue one
it has some white on it I don't know
what this is sticking out of it smells
just like a bath kind of um so I'll just
have to figure out what it looks like
probably just blue water I think that
look will to have blue water and
whatever these strings are in it wonder
what that will do cuz I've never tried
this one so that is everything I bought
I hope you guys enjoyed thank you so
much for watching and make sure to
comment down below what kind of videos
you want to see for me next love you
guys bye
fun fact didn't mean to do crazy
eyeliner today I just messed up and how
to work with it girl probs
you know the book when you give a mouse
a cookie I think that's it there needs
to be a book or a video maybe I should
make a video montage of all this time
after I stopped recording and I and just
like actin all crazy when you give
Amanda coffee if Tim has been dying for
like ten minutes
how's it I do it so